I think I'll also put a floor down.
So just in the create tab or create a plane and I'll just scale this out.
For now I don't know if this is going to be the actual permanent floor but I'd like to kind of get a
floor down just to get a sense of this in this one image here we've got these
cross-bars going along where the pillars are and then branching out from the pillars.
Like I may want to try and replicate that and over here for these We've got these cubes on top of the
pillars here so perhaps I need those as well.
So first of all I think I'll work on creating some of these cross pieces here with Cube and I will go
to my top view if the seven key and then the orthographic view with five and I'll hit the Z key to go
to wireframe so I can see the top view a little better and I'll scale this up and maybe
scale this in the y like this for this cross-piece here.
Move it up to give it some room for those blocks on the top of the columns and then for each of those
I'll go ahead and duplicate this and I'll rotate it 90 degrees.
And I'll place this above each one of these here
OK.
So we've got something like this.
And let me just take the floor and duplicate it and move it up just to get a sense of how this is looking
and to enclose the space I'll go ahead and just duplicate this again.
And move it to the side and I'll rotate this 90 degrees just so we get a wall over here.
And as you can tell I'm just blocking things in.
I'm not exactly sure how this is going to work.
And I don't think you ever are even if you have a lot of reference images which I don't know but I'm
still just trying to block in the space just to get a sense of it.
I don't think there's anything wrong with that.
I'll duplicate this and move it over and rotate it 90 degrees.
So I push our z and type in 9 0 and that will rotate that 90 degrees
and I guess I'd better put that over here too shifty and move it over to this side.
Just to put the cubes on top of the pillars here.
I'll go ahead and create a cube and bring this up and put these on top of the pillars just so I get
a better sense of how the room is beginning to come together.
And in the top orthographic view I'll grab that cube and go ahead and duplicate it to the other pillars
as well.
The next thing I should do is bring in a camera a render camera and get it framed so that I know approximately
what the cameras are going to see in the scene because if I don't set up a render camera early the danger
is that I could do a lot of extra work that isn't then going to be seen by the final rendered animation.
So I'm going to go ahead and create a camera by going to the Create tab over here and all the way down
at the bottom.
Clicking on camera and then you create this camera here in the middle of the scene.
I'm going to pull it back.
So it's viewing the scene.
And now I can't really see through it at this point in time.
So what I'm going to do is create a new window to see through this camera.
I'm going to call this camera render camera I'm going to take this little triangular tab right up here
at the top of the 3D view and click on that and drag it down and that will create a whole new window.
And each one of these windows has this little tab on it.
You can see it on all of these so you can click and drag new windows wherever you want if you ever want
to get rid of a window or collapse it back.
You can come over here in between the two windows right click Choose join the area and you'll get this
arrow you can move the mouse and you'll get this arrow and you can say which one you want to collapse
into the other so I can collapse this one up to get rid of that top window.
So I'm going to click this and drag it down and I'm going to change the view of this window to see through
this camera.
So what I can do with it selected I can press the zero key on the numpad and it will switch the view
to look through that camera.
Now what I can do is I can come down here into my perspective view and begin moving this camera around
like this so I can see what it's going to look like.
So if I pull this camera back some and I can rotate it something like this you can just kind of get
a sense of what the view is going to look like.
The camera will probably move in some like this and probably end up around like that but I want to get
it at the beginning of the shot like this.
So that just gives us a sense of what we need to build how big our view needs to be because honestly
there's nothing worse than creating a lot of objects texturing sculpting whatever and then realizing
that in the final shot they're not even going to be in view.
So that's why I like to get a render camera in the scene as early as possible.